(The claw machine Yves did in the MV)
Choerry: It's a fruit bat~
Choerry: You know what is cutest thing?
Choerry: Look at this
Choerry: You can attach wings like this!
Choerry: Pee-ka-boo!
Kim Lip: Owl Owl~
Kim Lip: Hey! YeoJin!
Kim Lip: I can't find a deer anywhere!
Choerry: Hey!
Choerry: You can get into there!!
Kim Lip: Right. Then I can find a deer in here.
(ViVi wearing roller skates)
ViVi: It's been a long time
ViVi: It's first time after my music video shooting.
Choerry: Wow!
Choerry: I want to go forward but..
(ViVi and Choerry are riding roller skates together!)
HaSeul: Today's menu are Stir-fried Cheongyang Red Pepper and Pork Belly
HaSeul: Shrimp Vermicelli and other three side dishes!
HaSeul: Kimchi and two kinds of boiled rices.
Kim Lip: What's on the menu today?
Kim Lip: Cheongyang Red Pepper?
Choerry: Right. Cheongyang Red Pepper
Kim Lip: And Stir-fried Pork Belly!
HaSeul: Are you gonna film the scene that you meet Yves?
ViVi: Yes
ViVi: Rolling...
ViVi: Rolling...steak...
Choerry: Steak? Haha. You're hungry, right?